

archive_analytics.values.service='wb';archive_analytics.values.server_name='wwwb-app46.us.archive.org';archive_analytics.values.server_ms=998;

__wbhack.init('https://web.archive.org/web');




Student Grants







 Student Grants 

The Government of Impecunia has decided to discourage tertiary
students by making the payments of tertiary grants a long and
time-consuming process. Each student is issued a student ID card which
has a magnetically encoded strip on the back which records the payment
of the student grant. This is initially set to zero. The grant has
been set at $40 per year and is paid to the student on the working
day nearest to his birthday. (Impecunian society is still somewhat
medieval and only males continue with tertiary education.) Thus on any
given working day up to 25 students will appear at the nearest office
of the Department of Student Subsidies to collect their grant.


The grant is paid by an Automatic Teller Machine which is driven by a
reprogrammed   
chip originally designed to run the state slot machine. The ATM was
built in the State Workshops and is designed to be difficult to rob.
It consists of an interior vault where it holds a large stock of $1
coins and an output store from which these coins are dispensed. To
limit possible losses it will only move coins from the vault to the
output store when that is empty. When the machine is switched on in
the morning, with an empty output store, it immediately moves 1 coin
into the output store. When that has been dispensed it will then move
2 coins, then 3, and so on until it reaches some preset limit k. It
then recycles back to 1, then 2 and so on.


The students form a queue at this machine and, in turn, each student
inserts his card. The machine dispenses what it has in its output
store and updates the amount paid to that student by writing the new
total on the card. If the student has not received his full grant, he
removes his card and rejoins the queue at the end. If the amount in
the store plus what the student has already received comes to more
than $40, the machine only pays out enough to make the total up to
$40. Since this fact is recorded on the card, it is pointless for the
student to continue queuing and he leaves. The amount remaining in the
store is then available for the next student.


Write a program that will read in values of N (the number of students,
1    N    25) and k (the limit for that machine, 1    k   
40) and calculate the order in which the students leave the queue.

Input and Output

Input will consist of a series of lines each containing a value for N
and k as integers. The list will be terminated by two zeroes (0 0).


Output will consist of a line for each line of input and will contain
the list of students in the order in which they leave the queue.
Students are ordered according to their position in the queue at the
start of the day. All numbers must be right justified in a field of
width 3.

Sample input

5 3
0 0

Sample output

  1  3  5  2  4



